1) Where would you fit your automated tests in your Recipe project development pipeline? Select one of the following and explain why.
As I go through the options one by one, I recognize that some of the options are weaker. If we manually run them locally before pushing, the fallback is that sometimes we may simply just forget, inconsistent enviroments as it is done locally, and not everyone on the team may do it. The other option "Run them all after all development is completed" is not much better. Running them after all the development is completed causes problems such as finding bugs too late which are harder to track, and debugging is much harder when theres more code to review. I think the best choice would be witnin Github Actions that runs whenever code is pushed. This ensures consistentcy of running tests, finding bugs and errors in the code in the earlier development stages, and saves times as we don't need to manually run tests each time we push our code.  

2) Would you use an end to end test to check if a function is returning the correct output? (yes/no)
I think yes, this depends on what the functionality of a function is of course, but by using an end to end test to check if a function is returning the correct output, we ensure that the user outputs the "correct" or "proper"  or wanted output.


3) What is the difference between navigation and snapshot mode?
The difference between the snapchat and navigation mode is that the snapchat mode anaylzes the page in its current state of the page without reloading, whereas the navigation mode analyzes the page from the moment it loads. The snapchat mode is useful for component testing or specific testing for parts of the web app. The navigation mode is useful for full-page audits which tests features such as layout shift and page load performance. I noticed when using the navigation mode, there are tests that come up, for example, for performance. I noticed that in the snapshot mode, it tracks non-load based performance metrics. In conclusion navigation mode is best used for testing a full user experience whereas snapshot mode is best for auditing a specific component after interaction.


4) Name three things we could do to improve the CSE 110 shop site based on the Lighthouse results.
One thing we could do to improve the CSE 110 shop site is memory. We could properly size images as well as serve images in next-gen formats, potentially saving over 600kb of memory. This affects the performance for load time. Another area of improvement is the caching structure. The load is increased when we repeatedly visit the site, if we make sure to cache static assets, this will reduce the overhead issue. One last thing we could do to improve the site is inlcuding a viewport tag which will help with accessibility and visibility issues. 